# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## January 28, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The mentor meeting of Teamato was called to order at 2:00 PM PST on January 28, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Chad.

**Meeting Type**:  
Mentor

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
Xavier  
James Zhao  
Ivan Robles  
Yash Shah  
Haaris Waleh  
Chad Hayen

**Absent**:  
Luke

## Agenda
Going over mentor agenda and brainstorming

## New Business
- **Mentor feedback**  
The team mentor, Chad Hayen, suggested that the team should pause for a moment and start thinking about what the actual problem is. Defining the problem in a rigorous fashion will help to provide a rigorous solution for the problem. This can be done by first creating user stories and personas in order to anticipate what problems a potential user faces and what would they look for in an app as a solution to that problem. Chad also suggested thinking about why a feature exists in the app if it does exist - what problem is that particular feature trying to solve and whether the deletion of that feature renders the same result nonetheless. FOr example, if the team comes up with an "End of Day" button in their app, what use does this button play? Does it present some rewarding and encouraging statement to the user, congratulating them for focusing efficiently during the day? Or does it serve some other purpose?
- **MVP layout**  
The team decided that the MVP layout will be finalized in the Sunday meeting of January 31, 2021. All of the design choices will be voted and settled upon and the team designers will start with the C4 diagrams, interface diagrams, and flowcharts.
- **User Stories and Personas**  
Each team member was been assigned to create one user story that details the problems and expectations of the user which will help the team narrow down the problem they are trying to solve and present a tailored solution. The creation of user stories and personas will lead the team to the start of the project pitch.

## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| Submit Preliminary Brainstorming | 11:59 pm, January 28, 2021 |
| Complete user stories on Miro | 3:00 pm, January 31, 2021 |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 3:00 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: James Zhao, edited by Yash Shah
