# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## February 04, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The mentor meeting of Teamato was called to order at 2:00 PM PST on January 28, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Chad.

**Meeting Type**:  
Mentor

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
Xavier  
James Zhao  
Ivan Robles  
Yash Shah  
Haaris Waleh  
Chad Hayen
Luke

**Absent**:  


## Agenda
Going over mentor agenda and brainstorming

## New Business
**Project Pitch Feedback** 
- Good things
  - Digrams, visuals, focusing on pomodoro philosophy
- could improve
  - justify why task list/todo is related to pomodoro technique
  - why not two seperate apps?
    - too much overhead, logistics, overly complicated
  - link a few personas
  - maybe mention notifications in pitch
**Other Design Decisions/Todos**
- Analytics in local storage
- C4 diagrams: more detailed with some state components
- UI Diagrams
  - color theme: softer or darker colors
  - hidden instructions
- pipeline
  - will use npm packages
- Tasks
  - what do they look like?
  - mvp should be designed to allow it to work
  - need to establish # of pomos for a day
  - when are they created? updated?
  - what happens if you want to switch a task? finish partway?
    - must end session to modify task list
    - only display next task forward
    - no multitasking
  - prof input
    - don't reinvent the wheel
    - probably will implement task list ourselves
- project pitch
  - finalize everything
  - not everybody has to be at the presentation
**Task Design**
- 3 fields: description, expected # pomos, actual # of pomos
- write tasks at start
- add task functionality disappears during working pomos, maybe appear during breaks
- time b/w 2 successive 'next tasks' is the time it took to finish the task

## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| Prepare for pitch | 11:59 pm, February 7, 2021 |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 3:13 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: James Zhao
