# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## February 11, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The mentor meeting of Teamato was called to order at 2:00 PM PST on February 11, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Chad.

**Meeting Type**:  
Mentor

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
Xavier  
James Zhao  
Ivan Robles  
Yash Shah  
Haaris Waleh  
Chad Hayen  
Luke

**Absent**:  
None

## Agenda
Going over mentor agenda - Sprint 1 and Pipeline

## New Business
**Pipeline**:  
Our team is using the GitHub Super-Linter for the pipeline. The linter will make sure all of the styling requirements and bugs for the code have been taken care of before merging the pull request with the main branch. Right now, it is set up for HTML, CSS, and Markdown. Luke said that he will keep working on further developing the pipeline and extending its functionality to JavaScript. Our pipeline aslo includes JSDocs which automatically runs after every PR and creates a documentation in the `docs/` directory. Luke, again, is looking at different ways to prevent excessive commits pushed by JSDocs.

**Code Development**:  
James Zhao, Haaris Waleh, and Muhammad Z Khan will be the primary developers working on JavaScript - DOM, Web Components, and API integrations. They have started with setting down the rules and styling guidelines to be followed so that all of the code looks like it has been written by a single person. They will also be responsible for writing down unit tests for each individual component. It has been decided that the developers will do mob-programming for a couple of sessions in order to seta base foundation and to gauge their individual expeience.

**Issues**:  
We have broken down our tasks into different issues, assigning them to different team members. The size of each issue was estimated by playing *Planning Poker* where each team member anonymously allocated points for a task.

**Testing**:  
Apart from unit tests run by the developers, we have decided on one more team member testing the overall functionality of the web app to ensure that everything works well together.

**Hosting**:  
We are looking at ways to host our web app. Currently some of the options include Firebase, Heroku, and Github Pages. The problem with Github pages is that it can only host index.html if the file is in `root/`, `docs/`, or in the `gh-pages` branch.

## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| Coding | Thursday, Feb 18, 2021 |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 3 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: Yash Shah
