# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## February 22, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The group meeting of Teamato was called to order at 1:00 PM PST on February 22, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Muhammad Z Khan.

**Meeting Type**:  
Group

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
James Zhao  
Ivan Robles  
Yash Shah  
Luke  
Haaris Waleh  

**Members absent**:  
Xavier

## Agenda
Plan for upcoming sprint Beta

## New Business

**Git Flow**:  
We will follow a trunk-based branch organization wherein team members will create short lived branches which will live for about a day. These branches will focus on resolving
small bite-sized issues. Assuming there are no merge conflicts, the creator of the pull request can merge the PR into the trunk `dev` branch given that there are no big changes made to the source files. If a change has been made to one of the source files that one thinks will affect the local branches of others has to request at least one reviewer and let others know on Slack before merging the PR. The short lived branch can then be deleted.

**Task List Layout**:  
The main priority right now is the implementation of HTML and CSS for task list - how it will look, how it will interact with other existing elements, etc.

**Issues**:  
Both the dev and the design teams will submit their issues on GitHub by the end of Tuesday, February 23, 2021.

## Stand-up Notes

### Muhammad Z Khan 
**What you will do next:** Edit and merge the team status video from the previous sprint, and draft the retrospective  
**Obstacles:** None  

###  James Zhao
**What you will do next:** Work on the JS Tasklist web-component  
**Obstacles:**  None

### Ivan Robles
**What you will do next:** Work with Yash on a final color theme for the app  
**Obstacles:** Come up with somethink that all team members can upvote

### Yash Shah
**What you will do next:**  Work with Ivan on the color theme of the app, and also on Sprint Review Notes  
**Obstacles:** Bring the right mixture of cool and warm colors for a better user experience  

### Haaris Waleh
**What you will do next:**  Work on session start functionality in JS  
**Obstacles:** None

### Xavier
**What you will do next:**  Helping out with the Tasklist web component  
**Obstacles:** None

### Luke
**What you will do next:** Come up with automated build, test, and deploy on Firebase  
**Obstacles:** None

## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| Sprint Review | 11:59 pm, February 23, 2021 |
| Sprint Retrospective | 11:59 pm, February 23, 2021 |
| Team Status Video | 11:59 am, February 25, 2021 |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 2:00 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: Yash Shah