# Teamato

## Meeting Minutes
## March 11, 2021
<br>

**Opening**:  
The mentor meeting of Teamato was called to order at 2:00 PM PST on March 11, 2021 virtually via Zoom by Chad.

**Meeting Type**:  
Mentor

**Members present**:  
Muhammad Z Khan  
Xavier  
James Zhao  
Ivan Robles  
Yash Shah   
Chad Hayen  
Luke  
Haaris Waleh

**Absent**:  
None

## Agenda
Going over mentor agenda - What we will be doing in terms of polishing, and how we feel about the course.

## New Business
**What we did so far**:  
Ivan Robles: More responsive design  
James Zhao: Wrap up keybinds  
Haaris Waleh: Writing unit and E2E Tests  
MZ: Writing unit and E2E tests  
Luke: Lighthouse tests, webhint  
Yash: Finished putting error messages  
Xavier: some more testing  
And some code cleaning in general.

**Retro from previous sprint**:  
We had significantly less ‘needs improvement’ things this time becuase of the changes we made from last sprint. Things that worked out:
 - More solidified agreement on themes/designs
 - Polls channel
 - Changed gitflow

**What did we accomplish this quarter**:  
Responsiive web design, timer, tasklist, error messages, animations, notifications. We did not have time to get to analytics.

**Git Flow and Justification for less PR Reviews**:  
We have PR reviews for all major PRs. Part of the reason why we do not hold them for all of our PRs is because we mostly do mob programming for our code. So, the design and the dev teams agree of certain times where they all meet together and work on the code, pitching in ideas. Since everyone knows what is being pushed with a PR unless someone works individually on a feature, code reviews are not requested to save on time.


## TODOs
| Tasks to be done | Deadline |
| ---------------- | -------- |
| Finiag with our software by Sunday | Before meeting at 3pm pst |
| Work on Project Report | - |
| Work on Team Video | - |

<br>

**Adjournment**:  
Meeting was adjourned at 2:40 PM PST by Muhammad Z Khan.

Minutes submitted by: Yash Shah